# Tic-tac-toe

(American English), Noughts and Sharps (Commonwealth English) or Xs and Os (Irish English) is a pen-and-paper game for two players to play alternately in a three-by-three grid marked with an X or grid of O. The player who manages to place his three markers in horizontal, vertical or diagonal rows is the winner. This is a settled game, and a forced tie assumes both players are playing the best game. Tic-Tac-Toe is played on a three-by-three grid with two players taking turns placing X and O markers in one of nine spaces on the grid. In the example below, the first player (X) wins the game in seven steps: X wins tic-tac-toe There are no generally accepted rules for who plays first, but this article uses the X-first convention. Players will soon discover that the best of both sides will result in a draw.
Therefore, tic-tac-toe is often played by young children who may not have discovered the best strategy. Because of its simplicity, tic-tac-toe is often used as an educational tool to teach the concept of good sportsmanship and the branch of artificial intelligence that handles tree searches. It’s easy to write a computer program to play tic-tac-toe perfectly, or to enumerate 765 fundamentally different positions (state space complexity), or 26,830 possible games, including rotations and reflections (game tree complexity) in this space superior. [1] If both players play their best, the game always ends in a draw, making tic-tac-toe a futile game. The game can be generalized to an m,n,k game in which two players take turns placing their pieces and painting on an m×n board, with the goal of getting k of their own colors in a row.
Tic Tac Toe is a 3,3,3 game. [3] Harary’s generalized tic-tac-toe is a broader generalization of tic-tac-toe. It can also be generalized as an nd game, specifically a game where n equals 3 and d equals 2. [4] It can be generalized further by using any associative structure where rows are lines and cells are points. The occurrence structure of tic-tac-toe chess consists of nine points, three horizontal lines, three vertical lines and two diagonal lines, and each line consists of at least three points.
